# Client-Server-Development

This project was interesting to build an application from start to finish. Being able to learn how to utilize MongoDB to integrate a database that a user can then perform various queries on was interesting and enhanced my overall programming capabilities. The project began with integrating CRUD functionality into my application. In order to do so, I created a python file that contained all of my CRUD functionality and then I pulled this file into my application and executed the functions where they were desired. This helped make my code maintainable, readable and adaptable for future adpatations to the application. This not only followed programming best practices but also made my code very clean and easy to work with as I could feel confident with portions of my code and focus on smaller, new additions to the overall application. The approach for this assignment was similar to approaches I had taken in previous assignments up to this point. Grazioso Salvare approached me with a requirements list of what they would like their software/application to be capable of doing. I then performed research/studied the ways in which I could integrate these requirements into their desired dashboard. I relied on formal documentation, trial and error and asking resources that are more familiar with programming to assist me with creating the overall dashboard. I would continue to follow this approach for future projects/assignments as I feel it is both an efficient and effective manner to address meeting a clients requirements. This project was a simulated experience with a client and producing an application that met their desired wishes and I feel it did a great job in doing just that. I feel this type of a simulated environment would go relatively similar at many other companies and thus the work performed in this assignment can be directly carried over into the real world outside of SNHU. I feel if given the proper requirements and time frame to complete a dashboard for a client and integrate a database that was created by the client, that I could sicessfully do this given the adequate time to do this and to test for any bugs in my code. 
